[DOC-610] Clarify the meaning of clientcert=1 in TLS docs (#25664)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/secure/tls-encryption/tls-authentication.md

| TLS enabled | `hostssl all all all trust`</br>(require ssl, no password) | `hostssl all all all md5`</br>(require ssl and password) |

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> Before version 2.5.2, when TLS was enabled the default was to use the more strict `cert` option when auth was disabled, and `md5 clientcert=1` (md5 auth + cert verification) when auth was enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before YugabyteDB v2.5.2, when TLS was enabled the default was to use the more strict `cert` option when auth was disabled, and `md5 clientcert=1` (md5 auth + cert verification) when auth was enabled.
```

Type "help" for help.
```

### TLS with password authentication and certificate verification

> This configuration requires the client to use client-to-server encryption, supplying a signed client certificate, while using a password to authenticate. Note that the server verifies that the client certificate is signed by the configured CA but it does not use the CN (Common Name) of the client certificate to authenticate the user. It is not possible to configure the server to require authentication via both password and client certificate.

Reviewer: should these changes also go in preview

Author: Good point. In preview, I will add a note talking about verify-ca, just in case someone is interested. In general, I suspect people use TLS + password + no client certs or  TLS + client certs + no password so we don't need a separate section for clientcert=verify-ca
